So bad was it.
That was a basic introduction to react Chia's of course only scratching the surface.
You probably saw that it has some similarities to chess but mostly is really different to it.
We have this javascript first and only approach where we write everything in javascript and use GSX
to get some HVM like feeling.
But in the end it is just javascript and that is the key difference.
And you may like this you may not like this.
We have one more framework to come and then I will compare them all.
If you enjoyed it you should keep in mind that you should learn ESX to dive into react.
And of course take some dedicated courses tutorials or materials on.
Yes this was just a basic introduction and was you now are aware of the core features to concept the
idea behind it.
There's a lot more to learn to build both powerful multi-page full stack application where you drop
re-act into your single pages and the individual pages of the app or single page applications where
you have one index each team file and then use the react router and the multitude of components to render
different pages with components in them.
I hope you enjoy that.
Now let's move on in this course.